Who gave you the courage to pursue us like your heart?
What does it have to do with you?
get out of your way
I'm not talking about you.
You let Ruxin go to the toilet and follow behind
Rascal dog?
You still have
You just said that Ruxin would be in danger here
Dangerous danger
I see someone like you by his side
That's the real danger. I'm leaving
What are you doing?
You two are done, it's over
Why was Ruxin targeted by this guy?
His brother Li Zhentian is a member of the Qin family of the Temple of War
He occupies his brother's business.
Down in the middle, it's bullying.
No one wants to
What can be done?
It's okay, our family has a friendship with Li Ye
I'll go over and talk to Ruxin later.
just right
Don't let some dependent man open his eyes wide
Let's see what a real man is
The beautiful woman is a little scared, I'm a good person
The key is that there are too many boxes, it's nothing
Let go of me, I don't know you, it doesn't matter if you don't know me
I'll get to know you soon.
Help!
Oh my god
I won't give you face, shameless, there is a father
Someone is coming
Friends, feast your eyes today
Ha ha.
You two take his clothes off for me
Oh wait wait wait
Na Na Na
I don't believe that Second Master Li is me
Let's meet!
And this is my friend.
For my sake, you let him go
Friend, hahaha.
Who the hell are you?
Do I fucking know you? I'll give you face
Why the hell were you dressed like me?
Take it off
That thing
Brother Lin, don't you know Second Master Li?
Why is he still hitting you?
How do I know?
He must have been completely annoyed by now
The one who came to save him
Can't escape
What are you two doing standing there?
Let him take off his clothes for me
Donor save me
No one can touch you today